chore: document MetricsService (#955)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/02-guides/customize-outbound-requests-metrics.mdx

---
title: Customize Outbound Requests Metrics
description: How to customize the outbound requests metrics.
---

To customize outbound requests metrics in your Front-Commerce application, you
can use the `MetricsService` provided by the core services. This guide will walk
you through the steps to set up and use the `MetricsService` to track and
observe metrics for outbound requests.

## Register `MetricsUrlConverter` in your extension

This converter will define how to extract metrics names from requests.

Let's say we have the following outbound request and we want to track them
separately in our metrics:

- `https://api.example.com/magento`
- `https://api.example.com/contentful`

We can achieve this by registering a `MetricsUrlConverter` in our extension,

> - The first parameter is a regex that will be used to match the request host, or
>   a function that can used to return a boolean.

Reviewer: **nit:** Typo I believe, not sure how you wanted to turn this sentence

```suggestion
- The first parameter is a regex that will be used to match the request host, or
  a function that returns a boolean.
```
